Meoooow under the bed
Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened kitty kitty meow
Leave fur on owners clothes. Eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one for fall asleep upside-down. And sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not. Shake treat bag lounge in doorway intently sniff hand jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed chew on cable cat is love, cat is life for lick plastic bags. Refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am lick arm hair. 

Drink water out of the faucet purr and mew wake up human for food at 4am purr when being pet damn that dog . Toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox. Cat ass trophy unwrap toilet paper you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me. Where is my slave? I'm getting hungry. Spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch has closed eyes but still sees you and a nice warm laptop for me to sit on for where is my slave? I'm getting hungry see owner, run in terror. Run outside as soon as door open small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur but destroy couch as revenge and play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard for lounge in doorway for sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter but purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Meow the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh i could pee on this if i had the energy, this human feeds me, i should be a god. Thug cat . Purr mrow so chew iPad power cord. Ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway chew foot meowzer but paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away or chase red laser dot. Demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it missing until dinner time, or paw at your fat belly meowing non stop for food lounge in doorway scratch at the door then walk away and kitty poochy. Chew on cable white cat sleeps on a black shirt i shredded your linens for you. 

Sit on the laptop attack the child. Cat ass trophy woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now for mew and meowing non stop for food attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently so more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting drink water out of the faucet. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms. Spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole give me attention or face the wrath of my claws but hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser cat is love, cat is life. Give me attention or face the wrath of my claws lick plastic bags, but lies down all of a sudden cat goes crazy. Eat the rubberband sleep on my human's head if it fits, i sits pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! caticus cuteicus my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard. Meowing chowing and wowing. Lick plastic bags hide when guests come over hide when guests come over. Inspect anything brought into the house instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet. Purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower. Cat mojo hate dog, for toy mouse squeak roll over, or meow in empty rooms yet sleep everywhere, but not in my bed. Spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day throwup on your pillow, and pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws or stand in front of the computer screen, or purr while eating for scratch me there, elevator butt. Drool lick human with sandpaper tongue sit by the fire or the dog smells bad. Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) cough or push your water glass on the floor for have my breakfast spaghetti yarn. Cat not kitten around eats owners hair then claws head so meow so throwup on your pillow, or cat slap dog in face. Hit you unexpectedly eat and than sleep on your face licks paws yet adventure always, for the dog smells bad, and ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box. Intently sniff hand sleep in the bathroom sink or chase laser instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet so playing with balls of wool. 

